♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
where they team up
with Trafalgar Law
and capture the
evil scientist, Caesar Clown.
Now, they begin the next
phase of their plan.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I can understand Law,
but the Straw Hat are nothin'
more than upstarts.
Why would you bastards
let them go?
Tell me where they went!
Here's something
I've been wondering.
I saw you talking to someone on
the Transponder Snail earlier.
Why don't you
tell us who it was.
It was Doflamingo.
His underground alias is Joker.
And out of all of
Joker's business deals,
he's got one client who's
more important the rest.
His biggest spender...
...is one of the
Four Emperors.
Kaido, the King of the Beasts.
And there you have it.
That's our target.
[SMOKER pants]
[DOFLAMINGO] Much as I wish
I could, I can't read minds.
So every last one of you might
know more than you should.
And not just you. Same goes
for Law and the Straw Hat.
The whole island, too.
So I'll just have
to kill you all!
[MARINES shout]
Really, that's not necessary!
Hold on there.
[AOKIJI]
Pardon me for the intrusion.
[AOKIJI] I'm afraid I
need you to step aside.
[AOKIJI] That man you intend
on killing right there.
He's an old friend of mine.
[LUFFY] "Intense!
Aokiji vs. Doflamingo!"
[SMOKER breathes heavily]
Whoa! What the hell's
Aokiji doing here?
[MARINE E] Nobody's seen him
since he lost to Akainu!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Heh.
You... can't... win.
[breathes heavily]
[MARINES gasp]
[BABY 5, BUFFALO gasp]
Oh, no!
Young Master!
[DOFLAMINGO pants]
Jeez! Had me worried there!
Guess he only freezed him part
of the way or something.
But what now?
C'mon, Smokey!
[MARINE D gasps]
[MARINES gasp]
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
I'm not really looking
to pick a fight with you.
But you should encourage your
"friend" to keep his trap shut.
You might not like how
things go, otherwise.
While we're here,
lemme ask you something.
You're not a Marine.
So what the hell are you, Kuzan?
[DOFLAMINGO] Your reputation's
not too good these days.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[AOKIJI] You gonna give the
man some first aid, or what?
[MARINES]
Uh, yes, sir!
[DOFLAMINGO]
There's a difference in the look
of a vagabond and that of
a man newly determined.
He's found a purpose.
You can see it in his eyes.
[AOKIJI] I never thought
the World Government
was absolute, y'know.
There's plenty of
things I can accomplish
in this world without
being a Navy Admiral.
And plenty of things I can see
now that I was blind to before.
I was... as good as dead.
[AOKIJI chuckles]
Ah.
Well, maybe it was fate
that brought me here.
Why'd you really come here?
[AOKIJI]
I came to see you.
And how did you
know where I'd be?
[AOKIJI]
Huh?
Aw, damn it.
Don't tell me you're in with
black market dealers now.
Is that it?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE F] H-How do you
go from the Navy to that?
If you're done patching
him up, then scram!
[MARINES yell]
[AOKIJI]
Smoker. I'm still me, all right?
Then I can trust you.
[AOKIJI] Anyway, you should
keep an eye on Doflamingo.
He's not just a Warlord,
but the King of Dressrosa.
And don't think that makes him
like the Snake Princess, either.
He's in a class of his own.
As dangerous as they come.
Tell Sakazuki to mobilize
the admirals right away.
Worst-case scenario, things
could go wrong very quickly.
This will be the biggest
challenge he's faced
as Fleet Admiral for sure.
Maybe the biggest in his life.
[gasps]
[AOKIJI]
Well, you've been warned.
[AOKIJI] One last thing!
Don't tell anyone you saw me.
[AOKIJI] If word
gets out, then, uh... uh...
Uh...
Ah, who cares?
Never mind, then.
Later.
We're not gonna tell anyone
you were here, okay?
All right, Doflamingo.
Time for round two.
[LAW]
His underground alias is Joker.
And out of all of
Joker's business deals,
he's got one client who's more
important than the rest.
His biggest spender...
...is one of the
Four Emperors.
Kaido, the King of the Beasts.
And there you have it.
That's our target.
Surely you cannot
hope to defeat him!
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
K-Kaido?
[KIN'EMON pants]
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
Something wrong?
Huh? Oh, don't mind me!
By all means, go on.
[KIN'EMON, MOMONOSUKE]
Huh?
[MOMONOSUKE whimpers, chuckles]
Ah! What is this
dragon doing here?
Where did Momonosuke go?
That is Momo.
Huh...? Ah!
This... creature I see
before me. It's truly you?
[MOMONOSUKE]
Mm-hm.
Poor boy! What curse
has befallen you?
[KIN'EMON shouts, whimpers]
Getting back to the point.
If we want to defeat Kaido, we
have to strike at his alliances
before we face him head on.
Here's the deal.
He's been getting a bunch
of Devil Fruits from Joker.
A mass-produced
Zoan-type called "Smile."
[USOPP yelps]
They can make those?
So he can cook up a whole army
of people with Zoan powers,
if he wants to?
[LAW]
That's the idea.
[NAMI grunts]
How're you so calm about this?
It seems the man-made
fruits aren't quite stable.
But even with the risk involved,
Kaido's army now has over
five hundred power holders.
Ooh! He, he.
[USOPP] Who doesn't want
to do this, raise your hand!
--Huh? Huh?
--[NAMI, CHOPPER] Me!
--Would you shut up?
--[USOPP] Sorry.
Although, at least we've stopped
them from producing more fruits.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[SANJI] Really? He's the one
who was making them?
[CAESAR CLOWN nervously laughs]
[CHOPPER]
Wow, that's what S.A.D. does?
They use it to make
Devil Fruits? Cool!
[BROOK]
Very impressive!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[USOPP]
Don't praise him!
S.A.D. is that hard to make?
Only he can do it?
It was Vegapunk's discovery.
Caesar just put "lineage factor"
to practical use.
[CHOPPER]
So Vegapunk's the real genius.
[SANJI]
I knew this guy was crap.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Oh, I'm not a genius?
Then you try making S.A.D!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
[SANJI]
You don't even have the sense
to stop running your mouth.
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
We've stopped the
source of production.
Next step is to wipe
out the distribution.
There's a factory on
Dressrosa that manufactures
and ships the stuff out.
Huh...
And you're saying we should
go and bust the place up?
If we can find it.
I'm sure Joker has made sure its
location is a well-kept secret.
More than that, he won't just
watch his empire crumble.
He has powerful followers, so we
should be ready for a fight.
[LUFFY]
Dressrosa, huh?
You said you needed to go
there too. Right, Kin?
Yes, Indeed!
[KIN'EMON shouts]
One of my comrades is there,
held prisoner by our foe.
[CREW]
Huh?!
Huh?
Take heed. Stormy skies
are upon us now.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Wow, those clouds're
pretty intense.
Perhaps we should all go inside.
[SANJI]
Hm?
Wow, yeah. It's hail.
[ROBIN]
Goodness.
Wait a sec.
[CHOPPER gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Nami!
What's up? Is the weather
about to get crazy?
[NAMI]
Franky, prepare a Coup de Burst!
[FRANKY]
Any time, any place, sister!
Somebody, take the helm for me!
[USOPP]
Looks like I'm up!
[CHOPPER]
We gotta furl the sails, quick!
[MOMONOSUKE, KIN'EMON]
Hm...? Hm?
[LUFFY chuckles]
Trouble seems to find us
wherever we go, doesn't it?
Now, hard to port! With a
Coup de Burst towards 9 o'clock!
Aim for the spot with no clouds!
[USOPP]
You got it!
Huh?
[BOTH gasp]
Not like this! I'm far
too talented to die!
[FRANKY]
Coup... de... Burst!
[LUFFY]
Wa-hoo!
[cheers]
That was close!
[MOMONOSUKE, KIN'EMON]
H-Huh?
We've taken to the sky!
[USOPP]
And that's how you do it!
[CHOPPER]
Nice work, you guys!
[SANJI]
Everyone, thank Nami!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
To think I almost persished
with you imbeciles!
[CREW cheers]
[LUFFY] Aw man, I love
it when that happens.
That was fun, huh, Momo?
This stuff happens all the time!
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
Th-That was extraordinary!
[FRANKY chuckles] The Sunny
here was built to impress,
so I'm glad it meets
your approval, Little Bro.
[FRANKY grunts]
Isn't it super?
[MOMONOSUKE, KIN'EMON] I concur,
this vessel is quite super!
Hey Momo. How about a
tour of the inside, too?
I'd love to show you.
[MOMONOSUKE] Hm! Would you?
I shall allow it, then.
I... failed to notice that you
had become human once more!
[NAMI chuckels]
C'mon.
[snores]
[USOPP]
All right!
We made it to the
end of the day.
No enemies sighted anywhere!
Sir! No enemies found
on my patrol, either.
Good work. At ease soldier
Thank you.
[USOPP growls]
Hey! Are we safe yet, or what?
How many people are
looking for us?
Like, a whole army?
I'm afraid the
second I lay down,
Doflamingo's gonna swoop in
and kill me in my sleep!
He's gonna get all of us killed.
Kin gave us these cool helmets!
I bet we're, like,
invincible now!
Resign from the
Warlords of the Sea
or go to battle with one
of the Four Emperors.
Obviously, he'll pass on both
and come kill us, if he's wise.
[laughs]
Oh. I'm scared!
[LUFFY gasps]
Stop fleeing and face
your punishment,
you spineless coward!
[ZORO grunts]
[yells]
[ZORO]
Don't jump to conclusions!
It's complicated!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Get away! Ah! Help!
Would you stop
fighting on the ship?
You're gonna sink us all!
Are you guys playing Samurai?
Fight! Fight!
[KIN'EMON] Have you no shame?
The Wano Kingdom's heartbroken!
The grave of our hero--
Defiled!
[ZORO] Argh! I told you,
I didn't take it!
[KIN'EMON] Am I to believe
that our hero Ryuma's
legendary blade, Shusui,
simply fell into your lap!
You're a real pal, samurai!
Cut him in half for me!
Hey guys. How's a
midnight snack sound?
[CHOPPER, LUFFY]
Awesome! What's on the menu?
[SANJI]
Pizza.
Pida? I am not familiar
with this dish by name.
But if your chef made it,
I'm eager to try.
Did Momonosuke go
to bed already?
He's taking a bath
with Robin right now.
[MEN]
What?!
[ROBIN] You haven't had a chance
to bathe in days, have you?
[MOMONOSUKE]
Quite true.
[ROBIN chuckles]
Are you all nice and warm now?
[MOMONOSUKE]
Indeed. Most relaxing!
[MEN panting]
[MEN growl]
[ROBIN]
Oh, perfect timing!
Kin'emon, he needs
some clothes, if you would.
[MOMONOSUKE sighs]
[MEN] What are grinning about,
you dirty little brat?!
[gasps]
We can see right through
that act of yours.
You think you can get away with
this, just cause you're a kid?
You must now cut off
your topknot in shame!
[whimpers]
[MEN groan]
Hey! Why are you ganging up
on a child, you jerks?
He's a man in his heart.
Do not let him fool you, Nami!
[MOMONOSUKE] Save me from
their barbarism, princess!
You think I'm a princess?
Well, I won't disagree!
Aw, you're such a good boy!
You sleep with me
and Robin tonight.
[MEN] No! Their bedroom
is a secret garden!
You don't get to go!
[MOMONOSUKE giggles]
[MEN] What? You're a filthy
little devil, I knew it!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Click.
[DUGONG A murmurs]
[BREED] Oh, really?
You found the Straw Hats?
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
race towards the island
of Dressrosa when, suddenly,
a mysterious foe attacks.
Luffy and Law swing into action
only to discover defeating their
opponent is more difficult
than they imagined.
Little do they know a surprising
reunion soon awaits them!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Caesar Goes Missing!
The Pirate Alliance
Makes a Sortie!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!